it's another product review this one's
the bell + Howell wireless video
doorbell across the 2.4 gigahertz system
and we weren't in impressed a dick and
Leo here at spikes to do we get products
to review every single week and this one
is the bell + Howell wireless video
doorbell so you said send the goods send
the bad well this is the crap so what
you get is this lovely piece that sits
outside with you can see the camera part
mine came pre scratched on the screen
there on the top it's supposed to also
have infrared so it can work at night
runs across the 2.4 gigahertz and takes
triple a batteries then it processes to
this lovely devices took out the plastic
cover on this one used but they came in
the same new box then it sends you this
you're able if they hit the call button
here to answer and see the video who's
calling ya know what you get is a
picture of who might be there at that
time and mine lucky enough as you can
imagine I was just blessed to see that
mine came preloaded with pictures from
somewhere else not exactly sure where oh
there's somebody's head that's not me as
you can tell by the hair it's not me
okay pre-loaded for me when I got it and
it didn't work it burned through
batteries quickly outside he would take
pictures of anything that moved person
walked by with a dog and they had their
car and here's the amazing part it's
still over two hundred dollars on amazon
right now so it's the bell + Howell
wireless video doorbell 2.4 gigahertz
system that really doesn't do anything
but store some photos locally on the
device for you to see later or to take a
quick picture when someone rings the
doorbell and this falls into the it's
crap category another product review
from spikes to do for you